What do I want to learn or understand better?
(A) What have I learned?
Honestly, the last week has not been too hectic, and I have mostly been working on the other course, but I guess that one thing I have learned is that we tend to underestimate how much we can get done, if we were to really put major effort in. 
(B) What do I want to learn?
For the next time we do a similar project it would be really fun to try to make it truly functional and not just a mockup. For that we would need a server and possibly a database, so those are things I will keep my eye out for for next time. 
(A -> B) How do I learn it?
I'm not in any particular rush to learn about it, but one way could be to do a tiny project over the summer that focuses specifically on those parts. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
(A) What have I done to help the team?
Simply done my part in the user story I was assigned to work on.  
(B) What do I want to do to help someone learn something new?
I don't really know anymore at this point, maybe something to do with the report? I am unsure of how much I can contribute to helping others learn something new by now. 
(A -> B) How do I want to help someone else learn something new?
Listen and see if anybody has questions about the final report. 

What is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?
(A) What have I contributed with?
Nothing extraordinary this time either, just doing proper code reviews. 
(B) What do I want to contribute with? 
I don't think there is too much scrum left to contribute to, only some writing of the report left. 
(A -> B) How can I accomplish that?
Success by default, just be there. 

What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?
(A) What have I contributed with?
I have (together with Adam and Oliver) finished the user story related to importing the excel-sheet with product categories.  
(B) What do I want to contribute with?
I believe I can help a bunch when it comes to polishing the report, so I should make sure to spend some time on that. 
(A -> B) How can I contribute?
First do my part in the report, then assist everyone with polishing. 
