Individual reflection – week 1

What do I want to learn or understand better?
   I am very excited to develop my ability to complete a complex project in a team. Throughout my time at Chalmers, I have found out that what develops me most is not to learn the actual subjects, but to learn how to cooperate to solve tasks together. Especially, I would like to take a leadership position in some part of the project, in order to learn how to delegate tasks and to find the best methods for solving a task.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
   I think I could contribute the most with my previous experience of working together with businesses and contributing towards fulfilling a customer need. This is something that I have done in several other courses at Chalmers, and also outside of Chalmers, and find this ability very relevant for this project.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
   As Scrum is a totally new working method for me, my contributions this week were very limited. However, I contributed with my previous experience of working together in a project, for example that I organized the meeting protocols.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
   I contributed e.g. by finding examples of projects from previous year, which gave the group inspiration for finding our project. Also, I started a Slack channel, which was the initial mean of communication for the group

Individual reflection – week 2

What do I want to learn or understand better?
   A: During this week, I have got familiar with the platforms Trello and GitHub.
   B: Next week we are probably moving on to work on React (or some other programming platform), which I am not familiar with.
   A->B: I am going to look for information on the Internet about the programming platform and also ask my fellow students for help.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
   A: With my previous experience from courses at the IEM programme, I explained the business model canvas for the group.
   B: Next week we’re going to work a lot with the user stories and I want to use my knowledge for making them even more centered around the customer
   A->B: Review all the user stories, look for information on the Internet for good examples of user stories and suggest changes for the group

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
   A: I have written a few user stories to be put in the project back log
   B: I want to develop these user stories further and assign specific tasks to them.
   A->B: Firstly, I look for information about how an user story is broken down to tasks and then review the user stories one by one.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
   A: I made the group’s draft of the description of the project scope.
   B: Next week, I want go get familiar with the programming platform and the programming language(s) we are going to work with, in order to be able to deliver to the sprint
   A->B: Look on the Internet for information about the platform and languages and ask fellow students
